but now I'm going to teach you how to
make a shotgun biryani here is one glass
of basmati rice that you have
painstakingly washed and the water is
like one and a half times in a rice
cooker if you're going to do the padilha
it will be double but here is just one
and a half times these are mixed
vegetables I put in one third cup water
and I'm going to microwave them i'll do
it for five minutes i'm going to add a
little bit of salt not too much will you
add a little bit of sugar to maintain
the color of the vegetables this is
going in 45 minutes cool
in the rice I am going to add a little
bit of tarqah
water whenever there's water you have to
make it dry up otherwise the oil and
there we discussed fluttering
a little bit of oil mr. water
totally dry
while this is time let's just go and add
some salt to this canal teaspoon of salt
and this is fake biryani so I'm just
teaching you to put you can take Shawn
or any other belonging so you will have
a different flavor every time brioni
powder how about 22 teaspoons and there
it's all going in we don't follow any
strict measurements when we are really
when we think we are real pros okay
Pratt will buy oil now no one will come
from circa all right what's the third
seasoning I'm just going to likely as
less as possible to fry this stuff
and the stuff that durka is going to
consist of cheetah wats jeera cumin
seeds
you have to wait for all you there a
little bit hot I'm not too hot because
you know one black dude I just want out
round
Snyder's flattered
very truly I am putting peppercorns
because you like them and you know
they're good for your health my parents
you like you know they're good for your
hold and all that stuff so that's all we
need as far as seasonings for assault
and biryani founder and that's it fasala
boxing
that's you've happening yep
how long it'll take start giving it
another two seconds
you can hear it
getting all excited
dick
and it can sometimes flutter in your
face so you want to be
exit
and I'm just going to call this in here
that is it we're gonna cover it when it
is almost done when you hear the the
cook button turn off and become keep at
that stage you just take those
vegetables and put them in here all
right and that's it and let it sit for
another 10 sec 10 minutes so that all
the flavors that melded and that is your
fake vegetable biryani and if you want
it to be a little more room me if you
like onions shortcut just put fried
onions cool I know if it's don't like
them so long so we will go down see
I've it a rest when that happens we will
just dump it in there when this goes to
keep and that ruins done just put it in
there then mix everything and that will
be over Yanni